Update array-manager.md (#8438)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/framework/array-manager.md

|Method|Description|
|--- |--- |
| `exists` | Checks if the node exists in a given associative array |

> | `find` | Finds node in nested array and saves its index and parent node reference |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `find` | Finds a node in a nested array and saves its index and parent node reference |
```

Add a period to the end of each line in this table.

> | `findPaths` | Get matching paths for elements with specified indexes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `findPaths` | Gets matching paths for elements with specified indexes. |
```

> | `get` | Returns the value of the key (or node) at the end of the path, `null` is returned if the node hasn't been found |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `get` | Returns the value of the key (or node) at the end of the path. `null` is returned if the node could not be found. |
```

| `move` | Moves a value from one path to another |

> | `merge` | Merge value with node and return modified data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `merge` | Merges a value with a node and return the modified data. |
```

> | `populate` | Populate nested array if possible and needed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `populate` | Populates a nested array, if possible and necessary. |
```

> | `remove` | Removes node and returns modified array |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `remove` | Removes a node and returns the modified array. |
```

| `replace` | Updates the existing nodes and returns the modified array |

> | `set` | Set value into node and returns modified data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `set` | Sets the value into a node and returns modified data. |
```

> | `slicePath` | Retrieve slice of specified path |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `slicePath` | Retrieves a slice of the specified path. |
```

...
```

> You can use the  `Magento\Framework\Stdlib\ArrayManager` library to populate array from the given path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the  `Magento\Framework\Stdlib\ArrayManager` library to populate an array from the given path:
```
